# hackathon-learnweb3

# LEARN WEB3 NOTES for interactive-manga

MangaX is a new age platform using Streamr to experience manga enhanced with generative AI

Check out my video on this here! https://www.loom.com/share/e49913123b114dc8a2b2c7aa7b8e55a1?sid=41064822-33cf-4d2f-96db-25b0fef2be14

To run just use "npm start" as it is a create react app. I started using some Shopify Polaris elements which was super cool. 

Generative AI can take existing and new manga artwork to another level of user engagement. I believe that there are synergies between manga, generative AI, and a constant adaptation of source material. In the demo, I showcase some examples of generative AI and how I believe the platform will allow creative artists to instantly broadcast new material to manga readers, and also incentivize partnerships with the community for AI prompts/models to create the best generative AI product.

MangaX is a platform that streams live-manga to an exclusive audience that subscribes through Streamr from the manga artist.
- Manga readers will be able to experience new art being generated by AI and accepted by the manga artist on a live-basis as new AI art is accepted. This allows readers to be delightfully surprised with each re-read and to increase engagement.
- A smart contract (0xb41D2fb61901dF8662336cB0055EB081170d8e19) facilitates payments automatically to both the manga artist and AI art contributors when a buyer subscribes. The platform manga artist selects artistic pages it wants to partner with AI and the community. This shared ownership and incentive model allows production of a new-tier of manga. 
- AI Contributors come up with the creativity with AI prompts and models and I believe manga readers will value the refresh and uniqueness of AI art as manga is released

How it works:
- Streamr is used to private broadcast from a backend. The front-end showcases Streamr images exclusively based on wallet addresses. 
- Contributors can generate AI and submit them to the manga artist through Streamr. In this demo, I add depth to manga using LeiaPix and showcase the future of how manga can be transformed using generative AI tools like Kaiber. The images are currently saved on Amazon S3 and then sent to the backend 

I love manga and I believe generative AI will enhance the experience of manga readers

The smart contract to facilitate payments solidity file is saved in ./src/components/contracts/DistributionContract.sol

# LEARN WEB3 NOTES for leiapix-cloud-api

For this hackathon, I took the Leia REST API and modified it for recieiving the image from the front-end that we want to animate, and saving it down. 

We need to save it because the Streamr links are broadcasted dynamically

To run use "npm run start:dev" to start the server but there are a few API keys needed from both LEIAPIX and Amazon S3 (which is outputted to and then sent back)

# LEARN WEB3 NOTES for manga-streamer

This manga streamer broadcasts image urls real-time from your own server.

It utilizes Streamr and broadcasts from your wallet address. It can be set up to be exclusive to private streams (both to display to only manga readers that pay and/or to communicate and send images to ai contributors)

It recieves image of the generated AI file and stores them for broadcasting

To start the stream, simply do "npm start" to start publishing
